---
title: COSCUP 2024/04 Update Report / Newletter 2024/04/23 Published
summary: The newsletter content has been published, and an online reading version.
description: The newsletter content has been published, and an online reading version.
authors:
    - Toomore Chiang
date: 2024-04-23
comments: true
---

# COSCUP 2024/04 Update Report

This issue includes call for proposals, volunteer recruitment, international engagement, and domestic booth activities. Hi, how have you been lately? There are still about 100 days left until this year's event, and the organizing team continues to work hard to arrange affairs. We hope to bring you a fruitful open-source experience this year!

## Volunteer Recruitment

Recruitment for various teams is nearing its end. Regardless of the team, we are still actively seeking volunteers based on manpower needs and required expertise. If your enthusiasm, interests, and skills match any of the teams, please seize this last opportunity to join us in organizing COSCUP 2024!

### Streaming Team

The main responsibilities include assisting with session recordings, checking equipment, changing and collecting memory cards. Some tasks involve post-event editing and organizing. The [Streaming Team](/team/2024/streaming/) consists of highly professional volunteers who provide technical support at major conferences. If you're interested in joining the Streaming Team, please demonstrate your enthusiasm and sense of responsibility for assigned tasks by applying through the volunteer platform!

### Documentary Team

The main task is to record static images during the conference activities. If you want to practice capturing exciting moments, the [Documentary Team](/team/2024/documentary/) is a good choice. Another task of the Documentary Team is to take portrait photos. We will set up a professional photography studio at the venue. If you are interested in studio photography, joining the Documentary Team provides an opportunity to participate!

### Field Team

One of the crucial groups supporting the conference activities. If you're a first-time volunteer and unsure where to start, you can join the [Field Team](/team/2024/field/) to meet new friends! The Field Team is mainly divided into: registration, catering, booths, logistics, and mobility. Each subgroup will operate on a scheduled basis at the venue, providing opportunities to rest, attend sessions, browse booths, and participate in other COSCUP activities!

The above are the current areas where we still need volunteer assistance. Additionally, the conference also offers a "[One-day Volunteer](/tasks/2024)" mechanism, which involves lighter or task-based volunteering. The "One-day Volunteer" tasks are continuously announced and posted, so feel free to come back and check for updates!

## International Engagement

At COSCUP, international engagement affairs are currently managed by the Engagement Team and the Program Team, each with different goals and approaches to achieve "international engagement" and "international participation." If you have any suggestions regarding international affairs, feel free to communicate with us!

Recently, the Engagement Team has returned from [SCaLE21x](https://www.socallinuxexpo.org/scale/21x) and [FOSSASIA](https://summit.fossasia.org/). Insights and sharing from SCaLE21x can be found in [this article](../../../global_engagement/scale21x.md). FOSSASIA was particularly unique this year, as it moved from its long-standing location in Singapore to Hanoi, Vietnam. This change allowed our partners participating in the event to experience the unique characteristics and warm hospitality of Vietnam!

It's also admirable that many communities from Europe, India, Singapore, Hong Kong, China, Japan, Korea, Australia, and the United States gathered in Hanoi to participate in FOSSASIA. FOSSASIA has many features that we can learn from and adopt. Our partners assisting with the booth had exchanges with the organizers during the two-day event and even afterward. We hope to continue interacting and exchanging efforts with them in the future!

## Call for Proposals

We are currently continuing our call for proposals, with a **deadline set for May 7th**. There are about two weeks left, so please seize the opportunity to share your achievements in the open-source field!

We have prepared a guide on how to become a speaker. If you've been wanting to push yourself or have been hesitant to take the first step, you can refer to the "[Speaker Guide](../../how_to_participate/as_speaker.md)"!

The lineup for the Community Tracks ([Compiled Version](../../how_to_participate/2024_cfp.md)) and the first wave of [Community Booths](https://blog.coscup.org/2024/04/coscup-booth-now-release.html) has also been announced!

These are the contents of this issue of the newsletter. Thank you for your continued support, and feel free to share the COSCUP event with more friends. Most importantly, join us in planning and participating! Oh, and we have a COSCUP booth at the [g0v Summit 2024](https://summit.g0v.tw/2024/), so feel free to drop by and exchange ideas with us!

!!! tip "Subscribe to the Newsletter"

    The above content is from the regular event updates published by COSCUP. To continue receiving the latest information from COSCUP, feel free to [subscribe to the newsletter](https://secretary.coscup.org/subscribe/coscup).

    [Subscribe to Our Newsletter](https://secretary.coscup.org/subscribe/coscup){ .md-button .md-button--primary }
